Skip to content
Breathe To Inspire

Home
Blog
Psychology
Self Help
Subscribe

random-questions
1000+ Random Questions (The only list you need to ask for deep conversation)
March 22, 2022 by Naveen Bommakanti
2
SHARES

Pin
Tweet
Share
LinkedIn
I really love it when people ask random questions. In fact, I think it’s one of the best ways to learn about people and get a deeper look into their lives.

In order to have good conversations with people, you need things to talk about. Ask them about something they said that someone else asked them, or just ask general questions like “what do you do?” or “where are you from?”

I can tell you that no matter who you’re asking (men, women, friends, strangers), the person asking questions is the one who seems interested and mature!

Obviously, some of these random questions to ask someone will be more relevant for your specific situation than others. If you’re in a group, party or in a serious relationship, then you can talk about what things would make them tick.

Also read: The best collection of Icebreaker questions you will ever read

But that doesn’t mean that you should avoid asking random questions to ask on a date or any other situation altogether.

These huge list of random questions on different topics are great ways to fill in any awkward gaps in conversation, and help you to build better relationships with your special person.

Before proceeding, let’s understand:

What are random questions?
Random questions are questions that don’t really have a specific category. They are just a bunch of random questions that aren’t related by topic or by any other factor. Sometimes, it can be fun to ask someone so-called “random questions” just to see what their response will be.

It gives you a chance to break the ice and get some information about the person you’re talking to at the same time.

There are many random questions to ask someone, but it is important to keep in mind that they can be used at different times and for different reasons.

If you’re getting to know someone new, then it’s always best to start with some general questions to see how they react and interact with others in general. Whether they’re shy or outgoing, there’s no telling until you make an attempt.

Sometimes it can be difficult to break out of your comfort zone when asking random questions.

However, if you take the time to think about what you’re going to say beforehand, then you’ll find that it’s much better than trying to come up with something on the spot.

Random question does not mean that the answers you get will also be random in nature; rather it is the way of asking the question that makes it different from the others.

Those who know how to have a conversation with people, can easily make them laugh or smile by asking silly, random and funny questions.

Also read: 500 Questions that make you think

What are random questions to ask?
The ability to ask random questions can be very helpful in different situations. For example, if you want to know more about a person, asking random questions can help understand them better. It’s important to ask the right question at the right time. Here’s how to do it:

Choose a topic

It’s much easier to create a list of questions if you have a general topic in mind. For example, you can choose a specific subject (e.g., movies, sports) or an activity (e.g., hiking).

Write down all the things you’d like to know about this topic. For example, “What are your favorite movies?” or “Do you like hiking?”

If you don’t have anything in mind, try writing down some of the things you’d like to know about the person you’re talking to. For instance, “What are your hobbies?”

Random questions are asked in order to generate conversation between you and someone else.

Most times people do not know how to start a conversation with someone they just met or even someone they have known for a while.

Random questions are good because they can be used in any situation and with any topic. The whole idea is to come up with interesting topics that can be used to start a conversation.

Random questions
random questions 1000+ Random Questions (The only list you need to ask for deep conversation)
The following are the huge list of random questions:

1. Why are there traffic jams when everyone’s trying to get home around five o’clock?

2. Shouldn’t there always be traffic jams around five o’clock?

3. What are we here for anyway—and why aren’t we happy about it?

4. In a world where everything goes wrong all at once, how can any one thing matter more than another thing—including happiness itself?

5. When do I feel truly alive?

6. Is there any point in crying over spilt milk (or other tragedies) once they’ve happened and can no longer be changed?

7. Which religious (if any) upbringing gives us true peace of mind as adults – none, one, several…or some combination thereof…?

8. Is time a constant, a variable…or a fantasy?

9. Why are some days harder than others?

10. Is it easier said than done?

11. Is there a reason we should believe that we should value certain lives over others?

12. Why do we take chances – knowing there’s a chance we’ll fail?

13. How old was Jesus when his parents lost him in Jerusalem (Luke :-)?

14. Were there dinosaurs before Adam and Eve were created (Genesis :)?

15. Is there a difference between being successful and being happy?

16. What are our greatest hopes?

17. Where are we going as a species, as a world, as individuals?

18. Is everything worth it in life?

19. Why are some things difficult to deal with now but easy later on, while other things are hard to deal with now yet will become much easier later on?

20. What defines our existence as human beings—consciousness or being conscious of oneself as being conscious?

21. Who are we kidding when we say I have no regrets?

22. Is there a greater cause for which we should live our lives, other than just living life itself?

23. Are we alone in space?

24. Are we alone in time?

25. Does being happy really matter in a world where billions struggle with hunger and poverty every day?

Random questions about life
life-questions-to-ask
Here is a list of random questions about life:

1. Is there a right way to live life as well as a wrong way?

2. Is death better than life?

3. If a woman knew she were going to die in hours, what would she say/do during those last hours of her life?

4. Do we control our destiny or are we just pawns in a chess game called life?

5. Is there such a thing as free will, or are things pre-determined, such as fate decides who wins and loses in life before we’re even born into it?

6. Did we make a difference in someone’s life because we were here today?

7. Is there a difference between happiness and meaning in life?

8. When did we decide that having material things means we’re living a successful life?

9. If every person was unique, then wouldn’t each person’s life be unique as well?

10. Is there an afterlife?

11. Why should one choose a healthy lifestyle?

12. Which things in life do we take for granted – and which things should we never take for granted?

13. When will I stop blaming others and take responsibility for where I’m at in life right now?

Random questions of the day
1. Is there one point where everyone could come together as one?

2. Why are we always trying to figure out how others fit into our lives?

3. Why aren’t we more concerned with figuring out how we fit into someone else’s life?

4. How can I tell if someone is looking out for their best interest or mine?

5. Which is more valuable: experience or knowledge?

6. When two men fight, who’s right? and when two women fight, who’s right?

7. Is there an objective standard of truth independent of observer bias which determines who’s right in these cases; if not… why not; if so…what is it; how does one determine which source (e.g., person) is more reliable than another (e.g., person)?

8. Is there something out there watching over us, protecting us?

9. Is there a higher power in control of our destiny?

10. What’s more precious: time or money?

11. Are we here by chance, or are we part of a greater plan orchestrated by some powerful force beyond our comprehension?

12. Why are things set up like they are in life…like love, relationships with family/friends/colleagues etc.?

13. Does anyone actually see into someone else’s heart and know what they’re thinking?

14. Are there any human behaviors that can truly never be explained away as being anything other than completely reprehensible actions born out of selfishness alone?

15. Do I tend to criticize more than praise?

Random questions to ask
random questions to ask 1000+ Random Questions (The only list you need to ask for deep conversation)
List of random questions to ask:

1. Does love triumph over fear in the end, or are these two co-dependent forces with a symbiotic relationship?

2. Is it possible that some things happen for a reason?

3. Why can’t we live every day like it’s our last?

4. How often do I appreciate what I have?

5. Is there a difference between living by instinct and living by faith?

6. The human mind is very powerful—but just how powerful is it really, compared with other forces around us, both natural and man-made?

7. Is there a difference between knowing something intellectually, believing something emotionally, and living something spiritually?

8. Would an apology solve any problem ?

9. Would forgiving them solve anything ?

10. Where are we headed as a species?

11. Can one person actually make a difference in their world by changing their thought patterns , thoughts habits , words habits , feelings , actions or reactions ?

12. Is there such a thing as fate?

13. Was there a point in time when human kind collectively decided which values are right or wrong?

14. How much control do we have over our lives, our actions, our destinies…our futures?

15. Is art merely visual entertainment with no purpose other than entertaining us?

Random trivia questions 
Here are some amazing random trivia questions for you to enjoy!

1. The Liberty Bell weighs how much?

2. What is the name of the president on the penny?

3. How many cents are in a nickel?

4. What color is the White House?

5. How many stars are on the American flag?

6. Who was sworn in as president when JFK died?

7. What do we celebrate on July 4th?

8. Who was the first president of the United States?

9. How many states are there in America?

10. How many stripes are on the American flag?

11. What year did Christopher Columbus discover America?

12. Who wrote “A Tale of Two Cities”?

13. Which president was in office during World War II?

14.  which state has the longest coastline

Random questions to ask a guy
1. Why do we sometimes forgive too easily and sometimes find it difficult to forgive at all?

2. When we look back on our past experiences with friends, why is it that we don’t see ourselves in a positive light but rather as struggling through numerous issues and relationships that didn’t work out well?

3. Why don’t things ever seem to go according to plan — not just rarely but always ?

4. When are things just not meant to be no matter how hard we try?

5. Is keeping an open mind always a positive thing or can it cause problems as well?

6. Should we count our blessings more often than complain about what’s missing in our lives?

7. What have been some moments of silence worth remembering—moments where nothing was said yet much was felt by both parties involved?

8. Why do I remember things differently than others who may have shared an experience with me?

9. Is love stronger than hate?

10. Should things happen by chance; are some events pre-destined; are some events out of our control; can we do little about them; should we accept them as a part of human nature whether we like them or not; how much control should we exert over our lives or those around us?

11. Do I know what love truly means?

12. When will humanity figure out peace before Earth’s resources run out completely?

13. How long can society endure when there are so many negative aspects perpetuated by human nature, i.e., jealousy, greed, etc.?

14. Can one man/woman truly change society in a positive way just by speaking out about injustices?

15. Does everyone have something unique to offer or should we all just fit into society’s cookie-cutter image of what normal looks like?

Random questions to ask a girl
Here is a list of random questions to ask a girl:

1. If you won the lottery, what would you do with your winnings?

2. What is your favorite childhood memory?

3. What is something you have always wanted to do but have never done?

4. If you were stranded on a desert island, what are three things that you couldn’t live without?

5. When was the last time you cried?

6. What is your idea of a perfect vacation?

7. What is the one thing about yourself that you hate the most?

8. What is your biggest pet peeve?

9. Do you believe in soul mates or fate?

10.  Do you believe in second chances and if so, how many times should a second chance be given to someone who has hurt you or disappointed you?

11. If money wasn’t an object, where would you go on vacation and why?

12. Who was your first celebrity crush and why did they catch your eye at that time of your life?

13. What is something that embarrasses you today but didn’t bother you ten years ago?

14. Is there anything in life that makes it worth getting up each morning and facing the day ahead of you everyday?

Funny random questions
funny random questions 1000+ Random Questions (The only list you need to ask for deep conversation)
Here is a list of fun random questions:

1.If you could make one rule that everyone had to follow, what rule would you make?

2.What is the silliest thing you have an emotional attachment to?

3. Would you rather go into the past and meet your ancestors or go into the future and meet your great-great grandchildren?

4. What is the oddest noise you have ever heard?

5. Have you ever clogged a public toilet?

6. What was the most ridiculous clothing trend when you were in school?

7. If you could be an Olympic athlete for one day, what sport would you choose and why?

8. How many people does it take to change a light bulb?

9. Do you think some people are born weird or do they become weird?

10.What is the grossest thing that has made its way into your mouth accidentally?

11.What is something that makes people look like fools that most people do anyway?

12.When did a coincidence happen so perfectly that it seemed like fate or karma at work?

13.What is the funniest pun that you know of?

14.Did any particular event start your habit of collecting things (or not collecting)? What is it about this item that makes

Random questions to ask your friends
Here is a list of random questions to ask friends:

1. Is there a difference between having fun and being happy?

2. Are things going well even though I feel bad inside?

3. Does time heal all wounds?

4. Why are some things easier to remember than others?

5. Are we like puzzle pieces—pre-designed to fit together perfectly with other certain puzzle pieces, but ill-suited for other combinations; or are we not like puzzles pieces at all; but rather blank canvases waiting to be filled in by our experiences and environment?

6. When can I say no without feeling guilty about it later on down the road (because saying no isn’t easy)?

7. Is there any room left inside of me for improvement as a person?

8. What are human beings’ greatest weaknesses?

9. Is there any meaning to life other than continuing to exist?

10. Does free will exist, or are we destined by fate?

11. Would things have been better if Hitler hadn’t been defeated in World War II?

Random questions to ask your boyfriend
Here is a list of random questions to ask your boyfriend:

1. Is there a difference between happiness and contentment?

2. Is it true we sometimes hurt those we love most because our actions come from a positive place?

3. Which personality traits or beliefs do I hold onto that no longer serve me well as an adult (or even as a teenager)?

4. Why do animals feel pain, but not guilt or shame?

5. Is it possible to put a price tag on self-worth?

6. In order to have real peace, must one have inner peace first?

7. Which comes first: happiness or success—and which one helps create more of the other one over time?

8. Does love hold us back sometimes instead of helping us grow and move forward in our lives and relationships with others (both personal and professional)?

9. Should I strive to be unique or should I conform?

10. Is one person smarter than another because he has more information about specific areas but not other areas?

11. How can we understand someone who thinks differently than us?

12. Is there such a thing as total forgiveness?

Random questions to ask people
The following are the list of very random questions to ask people:

1. Who are we without our secrets, doubts, and fears?

2. Does tolerance just mean accepting bad behavior instead of standing up against it?

3. What will happen if an unstoppable force meets an immovable object (me)?

4. Was there an inevitable path that led me here (I was meant to suffer)?

5. Is there more to life than we can perceive through our senses?

6. Do we each have just one opportunity for happiness in our lives, and if we miss it will we never be happy again?

7. Is there an afterlife: Heaven and Hell and lots of angels and demons running around up there playing their games with us poor humans down here below who don’t know what’s going on up above because those things are invisible to us but our fate is determined by them anyway without any input from us as far as what happens after death?

8. If you were an animal, what would you be and why?

9. If you could travel back in time in order to change one thing, what would it be?

10. What do you want to achieve at work before leaving for home?

11. What is your biggest regret in life?

12. Are you more of a morning person or a night owl?

13. Where do you see yourself living when you’re older?

14. What is the most interesting fact about you?

Random questions to ask your girlfriend
Here is a list of the amazing random questions to ask your girlfriend:

1. Why are some things beautiful while others are not?

2. Who will care about us after we’re gone, long after our hair has turned gray, wrinkles have formed around our eyes and our bodies start to slowly wither away?

3. Does every person truly deserve a second chance after screwing up their lives with drugs or any other kind of addiction?

4. Would life be better without stress?

5. Why can’t anything stay simple anymore?

6. Who has more value: a successful person who used questionable means to reach their goals, or someone who tried over and over again but was never successful because they didn’t have what it takes to succeed?

7. Is everyone out to get me?

8. Does anyone want what’s best for me?

Random questions to ask someone
1. Why do we even exist anyway?

2. Who was here first: The chicken or the egg?

3. Are we only having fun because we expect something in return (or someone else expects us to have fun)?

4. Do great things really come from hard work and sacrifice, like they say it does?

5. Is a person a product of his/her surroundings, actions and history, his/her genetics or something else entirely?

6. Does he/she know more than she’s telling me?

7. Is there anyone who knows more than I do about what is going on inside me right now?

8. Why should we care about tomorrow instead of just enjoying today like everyone else seems to be doing?

9. If opportunity knocked, would there be anyone home to answer the door?

Random questions for couples
Here is a list of random questions for couples:

1. If you could be a fictional character, who would you choose?

2. What’s the most embarrassing movie you’ve watched?

3. What is the most bizarre thing you believe in?

4. Who do you think is the hottest celebrity?

5. Which is your favorite TV show?

6. What’s your favorite app on your phone?

7. What’s the funniest dream you’ve ever had?

8. If you won a million dollars, what would you do with it?

9. If someone made a movie of your life would it be a drama, a comedy, a romantic-comedy, action film, or science fiction?

10. Do you believe in love at first sight?

11. Have you ever heard of something so crazy that it gave you goose bumps?

12. Would you like to live on any other planet apart from earth and why?

13. What if money were no issue, but there were only three places in the world that you could live for the rest of your life, what places would you pick and why? 

14. Do you know about any unsolved mysteries that still haunt people around the world today?

Random questions to ask your partner
If you want to get to know your partner better, the best way to do it is by asking questions. And not just any questions, but the kind that would make your eyes pop with wonder, and make you want to ask more and more.

Some of these random questions to ask your partner are:

1.What would you do if your current partner told you they loved someone else?

2.What is your favorite love song?

3.What is the most important lesson you have learned in a relationship?

4.What was the best thing about your first relationship?

5.How do you know when it’s time to end a relationship?

6.How would you feel if someone said “I love you” too soon?

7.How would you feel if someone broke up with you after being together for a long time?

8.What was your very first impression of your current partner?

9.Do any songs remind you of a relationship past or present?

10.Do you think people can change for the better, and how so?

11.Why do some relationships last decades while others only last months?

12.If they wrote a song or poem about you, what kind of music/poem would it be and why?

13.What is one thing that makes a man attractive to you? What about a woman makes her attractive to you? 

14.Have you ever been in love with more than one person at once (not simultaneously)? How did that work out for you and why didn’t it

15. What’s the craziest thing you’ve ever done?

A classic question to ask your partner. This will most definitely tell you a lot about their character. If they don’t have any crazy stories, chances are they haven’t let loose much in life.

16. Have you ever had a dream come true?

This will give you an idea of how positive they are and what their dreams are like. If they have had a dream come true, then it means that they think positively and look forward to achieving things in life. If no, then it’s time for them to start believing in themselves!

17. What is your favourite TV series of all time?

If they say Game of Thrones or The Walking Dead, then there’s a high chance that they love adventurous things. On the other hand, if they say FRIENDS or How I Met Your Mother, then there’s a high chance that they are

Random questions for conversation
1. What are some things that motivate me enough that I’m willing to change what’s not working about them?

2. What role does our environment play in shaping who we are as individuals—and also as professionals?

3. If not, why not—and more importantly, what can I do about it right now?

4.  Why don’t things go as planned?

5. Is there a wrong way to do things?

6. Do we choose our path in life, or is it chosen for us?

7. Should money buy happiness?

8. What is love, anyway?

9. Are there really three genders: male, female and transgender/transsexual/transvestite/genderqueer/non-binary/others.?

10. What kind of legacy do I want to leave behind after I’m gone?

Random general knowledge questions
Here is a list of random general knowledge questions:

1. What is the oldest living thing on Earth?

2. Which time zone is furthest ahead in time?

3. What is the only food that doesn’t go bad?

4. How many hearts do octopuses have?

5. What country has won the most Nobel Prizes in Physics and Chemistry?

6. Who was the first African-American woman to travel in space?

7. Who was the first female pilot to break the sound barrier?

8. What is the smallest bear species in the world?

9. In which country does Father Christmas live?

10. Which country invented tea bags?

11. Which is the largest lake in Africa by surface area?

12. The phrase “it’s a small world” comes from which film by Walt Disney Productions?

13. Where does a can of Red Bull come from originally?

14. How many people die each year from falling coconuts?

15. Which two letters don’t appear on the periodic table?

Random questions no one knows the answer to
Here is list of random questions no one knows the answer to

1.Is there a God?

2.What is the purpose of life?

3.Why do we have to work?

4.Why do we die?

5.Should we worry about ourselves or others?

6.What happens after death?

7.How can I be happy?

8.Why are humans so complicated?

9.What is the meaning of life?

10.Is it possible to be truly selfless or must we always take on something in return for our actions or gifts?

11.Do others have free will, or are we all just part of some cosmic plan that has already been set in motion?

12.Are our thoughts and actions predetermined by fate, or by our own free will?

13.How can I know that I am real, and not just a figment of someone else’s imagination (or a sim created by aliens)?

Random questions to get to know someone
Here is a list of random questions to ask to get to know someone:

1. Is knowledge truly power?

2.  Is there such a thing as fate, or are we entirely responsible for our actions?

3. Why should men and women be treated equally while we still treat them differently in various ways throughout society?

4. Is it possible to truly love someone without feeling sad about losing them eventually?

5. Does having kids before becoming financially stable create more stress than happiness over time?

6. Is knowledge not power?

7. In a world where success is measured by material things, why are there still starving children in third-world countries?

8. When will human beings stop being greedy and start being generous?

9. Why can’t we just have a world full of happiness and joy without also having a world full of pain and suffering?

10. .Is there a difference between knowing and understanding?

Most random questions
Here is a list of most random questions ever:

1. Would things have been better if America hadn’t landed on the moon first—or launched man into space at all?

2. Are things supposed to happen, or are we supposed to make them happen?

3. Have I taken anything too seriously recently?

4. Is life an illusion, a joke, a bad dream – Or is it all real, with real emotions and pain?

5. Why are there still some things that hold true regardless of time or culture?

6. Why aren’t we more interested in each other’s stories rather than just reading about celebrities and their lies and scandals every day in newspapers and magazines and watching them everyday on television?

7. Is there a light at the end of every tunnel, or just an oncoming train?

8. Does doing something morally wrong always feel bad? Why or why not?

Random questions to ask your crush
Here is a list random questions to ask your crush:

1. Why did I forget about doing something earlier, but remembered it just before it was time to take action?

2. Are there absolutes?

3. Should we have a mission statement for each marriage, family unit and society as a whole?

4. Why do we have senses to detect pain instead of pleasure?

5. Are boys better than girls or vice versa, or are they just different?

6. Does someone know something about me that could hurt me?

7. Is tomorrow like today was yesterday or will it be like today was not like yesterday (which doesn’t exist)?

8. Why does there have to be a first time for everything—and, if there has to be a first time for something, why can’t it always remain as special as its first time was supposed to be instead of become commonplace as its repetition occurs again and again?

Random icebreaker questions
Here is a list of random icebreaker questions:

1. Is any religion truly better than another one?

2. What happens when we die?

3. Have scientists yet discovered all there is to know about time travel—is time travel possible as some believe—or are there still secrets yet undiscovered by modern science about time itself (time dilation as seen with some astronauts passing near gravitational wells such as black holes)?

4. Should religion play a role in politics?

5. When will there be peace among countries with opposing views and ideals?

6. Would an alien species visiting Earth assume that we are intelligent beings because we can build big cities, fly airplanes, develop nuclear weapons, use mobile devices etc.?

7. Is there a difference between lust and love?

Would you rather random questions
Here is a list of would you rather random questions:

1. Would you rather be blind or deaf?

2. Would you rather have an awful job, or no job at all?

3. Would you rather live in a cave or in the woods?

4. Would you rather have a golden voice or a silver tongue?

5. Would you rather be locked in a room that’s constantly dark for one week, or a room that’s constantly bright for one week?

6. Would you rather have free Wi-Fi wherever you go or never have to stand in line again?

7. Would you rather know when you’re going to die or how you’re going to die?

8. Would you rather visit the world 100 years into the past or 100 years into the future?

9. Would you rather only eat desserts for the rest of your life, or only eat main dishes for the rest of your life?

10.Would you rather be able to talk with animals, but not people, or talk with people, but not animals?

Weird random questions
Here is a list of weird random questions:

1. Are we alone in the universe?

2. Is there something or someone watching over us?

3. Are we going too fast as a species, taking more than we should from nature and leaving behind destruction as we go along?

4. Would things have been better without us here on Earth now?

5. How can anyone understand another person’s experience (or even their own)?

6. Why are our actions sometimes crueler than our words (or vice versa)?

7.  Is love enough?

8. Is there such a thing as destiny?

9. Why don’t we value our environment like we value other things like money and property, etc.?

Get to know you random questions
Here is a list of random get to know you questions:

1. Why are we here?

2. Why do I love certain things but hate others?

3. Can happiness last forever?

4. Is being truthful always right?

5. Is there a proper time to tell someone something they don’t want to hear?

6. Is there enough time in a day?

7. Does money make us happy?

8. Why are we here?

9. Have animals always existed alongside man (since Adam & Eve)?

10. Are ghosts real?

11. Have I been wronged in some way by others, and will they someday pay for their sins against me?

Deep random questions
deep random questions 1000+ Random Questions (The only list you need to ask for deep conversation)
Here is a list of random deep questions:

1. Do animals have souls too, or are they merely biological machines?

2. Is there a point to life? What is it?

3. How much can one person accomplish in a lifetime?

4. Why have we been here for almost billion years and haven’t made a difference yet?

5. When should one give up on dreams and just face reality instead?

6. Should I spend time worrying about tomorrow, when there are still so many things to worry about today?

7. Is there a heaven and a hell?

8. Why is helping others so rewarding—even when we don’t get anything in return?

9. Is there such a thing as destiny and fate—or are we truly in control of our lives and destinies?

10. Why can I sometimes predict things before they happen—and why don’t these predictions always come true % of the time?

Good random questions
Here is a list of good random questions:

1. Does trust come naturally to me?

2. Should everyone have their own beliefs about religion, politics, philosophy etc.?

3. Does time exist outside of our perception of it—and can we travel through time with perception alone?

4. Is thinking something we’re born knowing how to do or something we acquire as we grow older and experience more things throughout our lives?

5. Is death real, or an illusion created by our brains as a coping mechanism?

6. How come some things aren’t illegal (such as pornography)?

7. Has history already been written, and we’re just living out roles that have already been decided upon for us?

Funny random questions to ask
Here is a list of funny random questions:

1. If you could be a man for one day, what would you do?

2. If you had to name yourself after an animal, which one would it be and why?

3. What’s the worst smell in the world?

4. What’s the most disgusting thing you’ve ever eaten?

5. Have you ever had a crush on someone who wasn’t good-looking at all?

6. If you were reincarnated as an animal, what would it be and why?

7. If you could change your name to anything in the world, what would it be?

8. What is your pet peeve?

9. What is your biggest turn-off about the opposite sex?

10. Would you rather have a beautiful house in a bad neighborhood or an ugly house in a beautiful neighborhood?

11. Would you rather live without TV or live without music?

12. If you could marry one fictional character or celebrity, who would it be and why?

Random questions with answers
Here is a list of random questions and answers:

1. What is the universe made up of?

The universe is made up of energy and matter.

2. How did the universe come into existence?

The universe came into existence through the Big Bang, which was an event that resulted in the expansion of space from an infinitely dense and hot point.

3. How did living things come into existence?

Living things came into existence through evolution. Evolution is a process wherein tiny changes occur in DNA, which are then passed down to successive generations resulting in new species over time.

4. Why do people act the way they do?

People act the way they do because of their genes and their environment plus some randomness thrown in for good measure. The sum total of these factors results in their behavior patterns, which can range from altruistic to selfish and everything in between.

5. What happens after you die?

After you die, your body decomposes or gets burned, you cease to have consciousness and that’s it, there is nothing after death because your brain no longer functions to produce thoughts or emotions.

Questions to ask random people
Here is a list of random questions to ask random people:

1. When we die, will we know we’re dead?

2. Why can’t everyone just leave each other alone?

3. Why are some things not meant to last forever?

4. Did our grandparents realize their lives were short?

5. Is trust an option or a necessity?

6. Why do some things just happen?

7. When was it that I first knew that I wasn’t like everyone else?

8. Does everyone walk around with hidden talents inside them just waiting to come out?

9. Why can’t we just let each other be?

10. Why are some things meant to stay in our memories forever while others aren’t even worth remembering?

11. Is it true that no one will truly understand our struggles unless they walk a mile in our shoes?

Random knowledge questions
Here is a list of random knowledge questions:

1. What is the longest river in the world?

2. What was the first sport to be filmed?

3. When did the Cold War end?

4. Who invented the telephone?

5. Who won the Nobel Prize for literature in 2016?

6. What is the capital of Namibia?

7. How many countries are there in Africa?

8. Where is the smallest bone in your body located?

9. How many hearts do octopuses have?

10. Who painted the ‘Mona Lisa’?

11. Which emperor was responsible for building Hadrian’s Wall in northern Britain?

12. What does the ‘S’ stand for in Harry S Truman?

13. How many legs do butterflies have?

14. What is a baby kangaroo called?

Interesting random questions
Here is an interesting random questions:

1. What’s more important: opinions or actions?

2. Why do we always want to know why things happen as they do?

3. Why can’t we be happy with things as they are right now and not worry about making them better, but instead trying to improve something that’s already perfect?

4. Can happiness still exist without sadness; calmness without storms; light without dark; success without failures; right choices without wrong ones; love without hate; peace without wars; progress without mistakes etc.?

5. What is human nature anyway: good or bad (or both)?

6. Did I play a role in our relationship not working out?

7. Why did we break up?

8. Was there something about me that led to it failing, even though we loved each other very much?

Best random questions
Here is the list of best random questions:

1. Who knows what they’re doing, where their lives are going, or what will happen next—and who doesn’t know either but acts like he/she knows exactly where his/her life is going.?

2. Would anyone miss me if I were gone tomorrow?

3. Why can’t things just go back to normal?

4. Why must something always suffer before something better takes its place?

5. Why are we always trying to escape our current state by doing things like watching TV or overeating or playing video games or surfing social media sites like Facebook and Twitter instead of actually dealing with problems head-on instead of avoiding them?

6. Has society made me less selfless than I could otherwise be, by encouraging focus on things outside ourselves rather than encouraging introspection/selfless thoughtfulness toward others?

7. How much free will do we have versus how much are we subject to predestination versus happenstance versus choice versus chance…?

Random questions that make you think
random-questions-that-make-you-think
Here is a list of random questions that make you think:

1. Are there evil persons who know exactly what they are doing when committing their misdeeds against humanity, or are there also victims of circumstances doing bad things while being unaware of the harm caused by their actions?

2. When was last time I did something nice for someone else without expecting anything back in return, simply because I wanted to do something nice for them instead of wanting something nice done for me too?

3. Do we spend too much time working instead of living?

4. What do we remember, and why do we remember it?

5. Who lives in a pineapple under the sea?

6. Why do we walk around pretending like things don’t hurt us sometimes?

7. Does maturity always come with age or can someone mature early or late depending on various factors (which ones)?

8. Is there such a thing as an honest politician (or honest public servant)?

9. Are children simply extensions of their parents’ personalities?

10. Do human beings have any control over how they are perceived by others?

11. Is there an end goal for any of us, or are we just here until we’re not anymore?

12. Does everyone have a purpose in life?

13. Why do we allow sad things to hurt us so much, when we know they’re just part of being human?

14. Where can one find hope after experiencing a tragedy?

Also read: 50+ Random questions that make you think with answers:

Random questions to ask your best friend
Here is a list of random questions to ask your best friend:

1. What is your biggest regret?

2. What single decision in your life do you wish you could do over?

3. What makes you feel alive?

4. What’s one thing that scares the living daylights out of you?

5. If you were given a $100 right now, how would you spend it?

6. Would you rather be too hot or too cold for the rest of your life?

7. What’s your favorite family tradition?

8. Who was your best friend in high school and what made them so special?

9. When have you felt the most satisfied with yourself in life?

10. What are three things that most excite you about the future?

11. Which person inspired you most when growing up and why?

12. If you could change one thing about yourself, what would it be and why?

13. Who was the best teacher you ever had and why did they make such an impact on your life?

14. Which person do you most want to emulate and why do they inspire you so much?

15. What’s one habit that makes your life better each day?

16. Why are some things easier to do than others?

17. Are we supposed to stop questioning why once we’re adults?

18. Who made up these rules anyway—and why did he/she/they think these were right for everyone?

19. Is there someone who can always keep me company?

20. Is there someone who can listen without judgment?

Random questions to ask a stranger
Here is a list of random questions to ask a stranger:

1. How much power should an individual have over another individual (or group)?

2. Does intelligence matter more than compassion (in general)?

3. Should everyone on Earth be treated equally—regardless of color, gender, age, etc.?

4. Where did time go?

5. Is there a reason we were put here on earth, and why do we die?

6. Where did we come from? Who created us? Why did they create us, and what’s their purpose for us being here on earth right now while we’re alive during our temporary human existence?

7. Are video games bad for us?

8. Is curiosity something we’re born with, or is it taught by our parents and society around us?

9. Do dreams help us evolve emotionally, spiritually or mentally even though they are only made up images inside our heads?

10. Is there one true religion?

Random questions to start a conversation
Here is a list of random questions to start a conversation:

1. Why are things happening like they are happening now instead of like they used to happen ten years ago?

2. Why can’t we find peace within ourselves?

3. Are some lives more worth living than others because of talent or genetics or luck?

4. Is there a difference between right and wrong? Between good and bad?

5. Where will we go after we die?

6. Was there a beginning of time, and will there be an end to time some day too?

7. Did someone create us, or are we here by accident/chance/miracle/magic/design/etc.?

Random questions ask your ex boyfriend
Here is a list of random questions to ask your ex boyfriend:

1. What is your favorite love story?

2. What is your favorite love song?

3. If you could relive one moment over and over again, what would it be?

4. What was the best date you ever went on?

5. What is your idea of a perfect vacation?

6. Who is your celebrity crush?

7. When you were a little kid, what did you want to be when you grew up?

8. What is your favorite book or movie of all time?

9. If you had to eat one meal for the rest of your life, what would it be?

10. If you could live in any city, which would you choose?

11. If someone gave you $1 million today, what would you do with it?

12. How many brothers and sisters do you have? Do you get along with them or are they crazy like my siblings are to me sometimes??!

13. If your house was burning down and all members of your family were safe, what is the one thing that you would save from the fire if given the chance??!

14. If money was not an issue, what would be your dream job? And why??!

Super random questions 
Here is a list of super random questions:

1. Does everyone have a purpose or are we just floating around aimlessly without one?

2. Is making money more important than being happy?

3. How important is family history in determining who we are as individuals?

4. Who made us and why are we here, alone in our thoughts with no one to talk to except ourselves?

5. Is a nice person pleasant but boring?

6. Is a bad person unpredictable and scary, but fun to watch because their actions are often exciting?

Random questions to ask a guy over text
Here is a list of random questions to ask a guy over text:

1. What is your favorite color?

2. What is your favorite song?

3. What is your favorite food?

4. What is your favorite drink?

5. What is the funniest joke you know by heart?

6. What do you think smells the best?

7. Who do you admire most?

8. What are you grateful for in life?

Random questions about the world
Here is great list of random questions about the world:

1. Is there a difference between thinking inside and outside the box?

2. Is being positive realistic or simply unrealistic optimism?

3. Why can’t things just stay simple?

4. If someone offers their hand to me, will I take it, even though their other hand might hold a knife—or even stab me with it later on down the road?

5. Are some things meant to be repeated forever, even though they’re painful over and over again?

6. What’s love got to do with happiness?

7. Are some memories meant to fade away and die out completely as time goes by – leaving us no choice but to forget them, even though we want desperately not to?

8. Where did everybody go?

9. Where does a leaf leave one branch of a tree and land on another?

10. Does love fade away when two individuals grow apart or when there is silence between them?

11. Is there such thing as fate?

12. . Why must we lose those we love forever, just because their bodies die?

13. Is luck a real thing?

14. In a spiritual sense, are some places better than others?

15. What’s more important: money or happiness?

16. What’s stopping me from truly connecting with others?

Random questions about love
Here is a list of random questions about love to ask:

1. What does love mean to you?

2. What is your idea of a perfect date?

3. Do you believe in love at first sight?

4. Can you describe your romantic relationships in the past in one word?

5. What do you think is the most important value in a relationship?

6. What makes someone a great boyfriend/girlfriend?

7. Who do you think is better at showing affection, men or women?

8. What’s the best pickup line you’ve ever heard or used?

9. What’s the worst pickup line you’ve ever heard or used?

10. How do you know if someone likes you romantically? (I.E. how did you know when someone liked you?)

11. Do opposites attract or do similar people make for successful relationships?(Or both?)

12. When was the first time that you felt like falling in love with someone and what happened next?

13. Have you ever been broken hearted before and what happened next?

14. Are there any songs that remind you of an ex-lover, if so what song/s and why does it remind you of them?

15. Have you ever fallen out of love with someone and why did it end?

Random questions about yourself
Here is a list of random questions about yourself:

1. What stresses me out?

2. What’s my definition of success?

3. Do I love myself? Why or why not?

4. Do I care what others think of me?

5. What’s my biggest fear?

6. Do I have any regrets?

7. Am I grateful? Why or why not? How do I show it?

8. How do I feel about money and wealth?

9. What are my strengths? What are my weaknesses? Which one is more important to me and why?

10. Do I think I’m living up to my potential right now? Why or why not?

11. What are some of the biggest challenges that I’ve faced in life, and how have they changed me?

12. Am I a more positive or negative person, and why do I think so?

13. Are there any events from my past that have significantly impacted who I am today and how did it shape me as a person for better or for worse (could be anything from a family tragedy, relationship ending, death of a relative/friend, etc.)

14. What do I consider to be my best qualities?

15. What do I consider to be my worst qualities?

16. If I could change one thing about myself, what would it be? Why?

17. How would someone else describe me in three words?

18. How would I describe myself in three words?

19. How do I spend the majority of my time on a daily basis?

20. What are some things I want to accomplish within the next year? Five years? Ten years?

Very random questions
Here is a list of very random questions:

1. Would someone else give a person a second chance after he/she has made some bad decisions?

2. Why are some things better than others?

3. Is there an objective definition of beauty, or is beauty relative depending on who’s viewing it?

4. Is there an objective definition of intelligence, or is intelligence relative depending on who’s observing it?

5. Does time heal all wounds—or just some of them?

6. Does everyone deserve a second chance—or none at all?

7. Are free-will choices always moral choices—and can right versus wrong even exist without free will choice involved somewhere along the line?

8. How much will I regret not trying hard enough after failing?

random questions to ask your significant other
Here is a list of random questions to ask your significant other:

1. How many kids do you think you’ll have?

2. What’s your dream house like?

3. What was the best birthday party you’ve ever had? The worst?

4. If a movie were made of your life, which actor/actress would play you?

5. What were your past relationships like?

6. Do you have any enemies? Who are they and why don’t you get along?

7. Would you kiss me good night every night if I asked you to?

8. What do you find most attractive in a person of the opposite sex?

9. If we get married some day, where would you want to take me on a honeymoon?

10. How would you describe yourself in three words?

11. When was the last time someone shocked or surprised you in a good way? Who was it and what did they do that shocked or surprised you so much? What made it so special?

12. Would it be okay for me to go through your phone and emails, or is that too much for someone I’m not married to yet? How about after we get married… then is it okay for me to check your

Random questions to ask yourself
Here is a list of random questions to ask yourself:

1. When I look back years from now, will I see progress or regret?

2. Was there something that happened recently that made me feel truly joyful—or not so much?

3. Did someone just take time out of their day to say hi & smile at me—and did I smile back, making their day better too?

4. Why isn’t there enough time in a day to accomplish everything we need and want to do?

5. What can money buy?

6. If I lost everything tomorrow, who would miss me and care about me not being around anymore?

7. Where is that place where the one is supposed to be for each of us out there waiting somewhere in the world just for us—or doesn’t such a person exist and never did, and we’re fooling ourselves into thinking we will find our special someone someday with whom we will live happily ever after with no problems or fights or disagreements or worries?

Good random questions to ask
Here is a list of good random questions to ask a girl, a guy or someone you like:

1. Is money more valuable than peace of mind?

2. Are mistakes part of our destiny, something we have no control over, which must be accepted as fate with humility instead of anger or resentment?

3. Why can’t everyone just get along with each other peacefully without arguing over petty things that don’t matter very much anyway?

4. Does happiness require struggle first before true joy reveals itself finally at the end as a reward for persisting through a few hurdles first?

5. Is revenge a dish best served cold, or should it always be immediate because justice must never wait?

Random questions to ask someone to get to know them
Here is a list of random questions to ask someone to get to know them:

1. What defines heroism anyway—bravery under fire? Compassion for those who are suffering? Commitment to a cause larger than oneself even when faced with overwhelming odds against success?

2.  Why are some things so hard to let go of?

3. Is there more than one chance for me?

4. Does it matter who did what and who was wrong and who was right?

5. Is there any real truth anywhere about anything relevant to our lives today and tomorrow?

6. Do I always have a backup plan, because Murphy’s Law might apply?

Random questions to ask a guy you like
Here is a list of random questions to ask a guy you like:

1. What song do you play most often?

What’s your favorite song?

2. What is the one movie that makes you cry every time you watch it?

3. If you could be someone else for just one day, who would it be and why?

4. What’s your favorite book of all time?

5. What is the one thing that can always put you in a good mood?

6. What is your greatest fear?

7. If you could change one thing about yourself, what would it be and why?

8. Which celebrity do you have a crush on?

9. Have you ever met anyone famous before? Who and what were they like?

10. What was your first impression of me when we first met each other? Was it accurate or not?

11. How well do you know me, really? Rate yourself out of 10

12. When did you first realize that you had feelings for me? Or when did I first realize that I had feelings for you…

13. Where do we go from here? Literally, where would we go if we could go anywhere on vacation right now together? Where would we live if money was no object

Random questions to ask a person
Here is some really random questions to ask a person:

1. Is there a difference between happiness and contentment?

2. Are they mutually exclusive, or can one lead to another?

3. Are we living in a material world, or a spiritual one?

4. Why does war exist?

5. Are we our brothers’ keepers?

6. Are we our sisters’ keepers?

7. Are we here by chance, or by design?

Random questions to ask adults
Here is a list of random questions to ask adults:

1)  How do you start your day?

2)  What did you want to be when you grew up?

3)  What was the first thing you earned money for?

4)  Who is your favorite person in history?

5)  What do you do to celebrate a good day?

6)  What song gets you going?

7)  What is the best advice you’ve ever received?

8)  What is your favorite movie of all time?

9)  If you could choose any super power what would it be and why?

10) If you could eat one food for the rest of your life what would it be?

11) Where is your favorite place to go on vacation?

12) If you could invite any 5 people to dinner, who would they be and why?

13) If the world were ending tomorrow, how would you spend your last night on Earth?

14) Do you have a guilty pleasure TV show or movie that feels like a secret addiction? What is it and why do you love it so much??

Random questions to get to know a guy
Here are some adorable random questions to get to know a guy:

1.  If you could only eat one food for the rest of your life, what would it be?

2.  What did your childhood bedroom look like?

3.  Are you a morning person or night owl? When do you feel most like yourself?

4.  Do you ever have déjà vu?

5.  How often do you people watch?

6.  If you could only hear one song for the rest of your life, what would it be?

7.  What do you think about more than anything else?

8.  Do you think crying is a sign of weakness or strength?

9.  What’s your favorite smell in the entire world?

10. Which fictional character do you relate to the most and why?

11. What’s your favorite meal of the day and why?

12. Do you believe in ghosts or spirit animals or any kind of supernatural phenomenon?

13. What’s your earliest memory from childhood and why do you think it stuck with you?

14. Who was the first person to really believe in you and what did they believe in you for?

15. What is something that people think is true about?

Random questions to ask on a date
Here are some random questions to ask on a date:

1.What are your hopes and dreams?

2.What do you think is the most important thing in a relationship?

3.What’s one thing that would always put a smile on your face?

4.What song makes you think of me?

5.If you had to explain our relationship to someone else, what would you say?

6.Do you have any nicknames? What’s the story behind them?

7.What’s something your parents taught you that you will always remember?

8.If you could do anything for a living, what would it be?

9.Are you more of an optimist or pessimist about your future, and why?

10.Who was the biggest influence on your life and why?

11.If we were stranded on an island with no hope of rescue, what three things would be essential for survival and why? And if possible, how would we go about getting them on this island?

12.If you could only eat one food for the rest of your life, what would it be?

13.Finish this sentence: I wish I had someone with whom I could share … ?

14.When is a time that I made you feel loved or appreciated?

Random questions to ask someone you like
Here is a list of random questions to ask someone you like:

1. What’s the most random thing you’ve ever watched all the way through on Netflix?

2. If you could be a character in any movie, who would you choose?

3. What’s your favorite drink and snack at Starbucks or Dunkin Donuts?

4. What’s the weirdest compliment you’ve ever gotten?

5. What is the nerdiest thing you do in your spare time?

6. Who was your favorite teacher and why?

7. If you didn’t have to sleep, what would you do with the extra time?

8. What job would you be terrible at?

9. When people come to you for help, what do they usually want help with?

10. How often do you people watch? And if so, what are some good spots to people watch from?

11. What are some things everyone should try at least once in their lives?

12. Where do you get your news? (Social media, television, online magazines, etc.)

13. What TV channel doesn’t exist but really should?

14. Who is the messiest person you know and why are they such a slob?

Random questions for teens
Here is a list of random questions for teens:

1. When it comes down to it, who’s keeping track of any of us anyway?

2. Who knows whether we’re capable of doing great things—our own behavior doesn’t suggest we are?

3. Did World War II truly end world hunger because there isn’t famine anywhere in the world anymore?

4. Does everybody have a secret side of them that nobody knows about—even close friends and family members who claim to know them inside out don’t know their deepest secrets?

5. How can we connect more deeply with one another?

Crazy random questions
Here is a list of crazy random questions:

1. Do most things happen for a reason, or are we just plain lucky?

2. Why do some mistakes teach us more than our successes?

3. How much control do we have over our destinies?

4. Are we here because we want to be here…or were we made to be here without wanting it ourselves first?

5. Does seeing something bad happen mean that bad things are bound to happen again even if someone tries hard not to let them happen again?

6. Are there eternal consequences attached to actions committed during our time here on earth?

Random questions to ask with answers
Here is a list of random questions to ask with answers:

1. What is the meaning of life?

To be happy and cause no trouble for others.

2. What is the best way to be happy?

By being grateful, optimistic, and compassionate.

3. How can I be more grateful?

By writing down what you are grateful for each day. Do this for three months and you will have a habit of being grateful.

4. What is the true purpose of life?

To enjoy every moment. To love and help others. To make the world a better place. To leave the world a little better than you found it. To make your life count — to make a difference in the lives of others.

5. How can I best help others?

By helping them overcome their challenges and by making their lives easier, more productive, or more pleasant. 

By giving them hope when they are discouraged; by helping them see possibilities when things seem impossible; by showing them that they can do what they previously thought was beyond their capability or potential.

By helping them to believe in themselves — to believe that they can succeed, that they can achieve the impossible, that they can become all that they want to be!  

By having faith in them when they do not have faith in themselves!  By giving them courage when they need courage! 

Random questions to ask him
Following are some random questions to ask him:

1. How do you feel about men/women who don’t make the first move?

2. What are things you need in your life to be happy?

3. What does it mean to be loved by you?

4. What is your idea of a perfect date?

5. What do you like best about me?

6. If I were an animal, what would I be and why? 

7. What is the most interesting job you have ever had?

8. What was your favorite toy growing up?

9. What is one thing that would make you feel more appreciated?

10. Would you rather go to a concert or watch a movie at home with me and eat pizza?

11. Do you think it’s important for people to live in the same city as their family members? Would you ever move somewhere else for someone else or for a job?

Great random questions
Here is a list of great random questions:

1. Do we truly understand one another?

2. Is there a difference between forgiving and forgetting, and why should we even bother trying to forgive those who’ve hurt us?

3. Are we who we thought we were going to be ten years ago?

4. Is freedom freedom from something as well as freedom to do something?

5. Do we need a lot of things to lead a meaningful life, or can we live a meaningful life with fewer material possessions?

6. What’s more powerful: love or money?

7. Are we going somewhere in life, toward some specific goal — even if we don’t know exactly where that goal is — or are we just spinning our wheels day after day without purpose or direction?

Random questions to ask your boyfriend over text
Here is a list of random questions to ask your boyfriend over text:

1. What do you love?

2. How do you feel when someone insults or criticizes you?

3. What is the thing that annoys you most about yourself?

4. What is your favorite type of art to create?

5. If you had the chance to have a conversation with any person in human history, who would it be? Why them?

6. Where do you see yourself in five years time? In ten years time? In twenty years time?

7. How can I make your day better/easier/more comfortable for you?

8. What do you think about people who are jealous of others success and happiness? Do you think people can change and become more supportive of others happiness and success instead of being envious of it?

9. If money were no object, what would be your dream job or career path and why?

10. Imagine that we are on a boat sailing out into the ocean, it’s just the two of us, what is one fear or insecurity that you would like to get rid of right now by throwing it overboard into the ocean and why this one particular fear or insecurity?:

Completely random questions
Here are some totally random questions:

1. Does death frighten anyone else, or is it just something we’ve grown used to?

2. Why do we cry during sad movies but can still enjoy them anyway?

3. Does anybody truly know what happens after death?

4. When did it all start?

5. If everybody’s unique, who decides who’s normal and who isn’t ?

6. How long will it take before someone invents a time machine (that actually works)?

Random questions about me
Here is a list of random questions about me:

1. Who is the person that influenced me the most throughout my life and why?

2. What do I want to be remembered for when I die?

3. Why do I get up in the morning?

4. What are the values I live by?

5. What makes me feel fulfilled?

6. What are my three most important goals right now?

7. If I had one year to live, what would I do?

8. If I had one month to live, what would I do?

9. If I had one week to live, what would I do?

10. If I had one day to live, what would I do?

11. If money were no object, how would I spend my time?

12. How can I make my business more successful over the next year?

13. What’s my ideal day like? How can I achieve it more often?

14. What’s the best thing that could happen to me today/this week/this month/this year/over the next five years/over the next 10 years/over the next 20 years/over my lifetime?

Random questions to ask your guy best friend
Here is a list of random questions to ask your guy best friend:

1. What’s your biggest fear?

2. What was your favorite childhood game?

3. What do you love most about yourself?

4. Who is your role model, and why?

5. What’s the best piece of advice you’ve ever received?

6. How do you spend your free time?

7. What is the one thing you would like to change about yourself, if you could?

8. Which living person do you most admire?

9. What’s one thing that really annoys you about people in general?

10. Which words or phrases do you most overuse?

11. Tell me something about your family.

12. Who is the happiest person you know and why are they so happy?

13. When was the last time you cried and why did it make you cry?

14. How would you describe yourself in three words? What about three words from someone else who knows you well?

Random questions to ask your crush over text
Here are some random questions to ask your crush over text:

1. Do you believe in love at first sight?

2. Describe your perfect date?

3. What is the one thing that brings a smile to your face, no matter the time of day?

4. What makes you laugh?

5. What is one memory you have from childhood?

6. If you could only watch one movie for the rest of your life, what would it be?

7. If you had to lose one of your five senses, which would you give up and why?

8. If tomorrow was your last day on earth, what would you do in your last 24 hours?

9. If you could a full 24 hours without any work or obligations, a day to just do whatever you wanted, what would you do?

10. If someone gave you a million dollars right now, what would you spend it on? 

Random questions to make you think
Here is a list of random questions to make you think:

1. Should we fear not knowing something, or should we fear knowing too much about something?

2. Why are some things worse than others?

3. Does coming home truly take me back to where I started?

4. Would knowing everything about our future cause us more pain than happiness?

5. When does saying no actually help me accomplish more things instead of distracting me from finishing even a single task?

Random questions to ask anyone
These are a few best random questions to ask anyone:

1. Would we treat each other better if we realized we were living our last day on earth right now?

2. Where will we go next?

3. Where should we go next?

4. Where will we live next year, and where will we live ten years from now?

5. Why is it easier to talk about death than to talk about sex?

6. Would I rather die by fire or by drowning?

Random questions to ask my girlfriend
Here is a list of random questions to ask my girlfriend:

1. What is something you did that you regret?

2. What makes you feel alive?

3. Have you ever done something out of the ordinary that made you proud of yourself?

4. What’s the weirdest thing about you?

5. What’s the first thing that comes to your mind when I say__________?

6. If you could be someone else for just one day, who would it be and why?

7. If you could have a superpower, what would it be and why?

8. Do you think humans are inherently bad or good?

9. What do you wish your brain was better at doing?

10. What weird or useless talent do you have?

11. Which of my friends/family members do you like the most, and why do you like them?

12. Who inspires you to be better? Why do they inspire you?

13. If someone wrote a biography about your life, what do you think the title should be? (And please don’t say “Living the Dream.”)

14. How would your best friend describe you in three words? 

Random questions to ask your husband
Here is a list of random questions to ask your husband:

1. What is the very first thing you notice about a girl?

2. What does a typical day in the life of your partner look like?

3. Which movie would you like to live in?

4. If you could have lunch with anyone from history, who would it be and why?

5. If you were given $10,000 to spend in one day, what would you do with it?

6. What’s your favorite joke?

7. Where is your favorite place to be kissed?

8. How did your last relationship end?

9. Do you think relationships are made or they just happen?

10. What’s the most important value to teach a child?

11. What was the last dream that you had about me?

12. When was the last time that we laughed together and what was it about?

13. Which is better: asking for permission or asking for forgiveness?

14. Who knows you best and how do they know you so well?

15. What is something that I don’t know about you yet but should?

Random questions to ask coworkers
Here is a random questions to ask coworkers:

1. What do you think are the three biggest issues in a relationship?

2. What is your favorite thing about me?

3. Do you have any regrets in life?

4. What makes you smile the most?

5. How do you think friends see you?

6. What do you like most about your job?

7. If you could change three things about yourself, what would they be?

8. What is your idea of perfect happiness?

9. What are the most important things in life to you?

10. Where would we go on our dream vacation together?

Random questions with no answers
Here is a list of random questions with no answers:

1. Why aren’t we better than we are?

2. Is everyone unique and special like me?

3. Why can’t we just be nice to each other without judgment or prejudice?

4. If there were no such thing as money on Earth…what things would we come up with instead of money (or some kind of currency)?

5. Do I pretend not to see things I know are wrong?

6. Who are some real-life superheroes that have inspired others with their acts of kindness and heroism?

7. Why do we worry about things we can’t control?

8. Why does anyone suffer?

9. Is one religion right and all others wrong?

Random questions to ask her
Here is list of random questions to ask her:

1. What is the most important thing that guys should understand about the girl, and it seems to you that they do not understand?

2. What is your favorite memory with me?

3. If you could live anywhere in the world, where would you want to be?

4. How do you feel about us right now?

5. What is your biggest regret in life so far?

6. What would you be doing in life if money wasn’t an issue?

7. What are some things about our relationship that made you really happy at first? Then what changed that?

Random questions for discussion
Here is a list of random questions for discussion:

1. Would I rather live in a place where technology was behind, such as medieval times, or ahead with high-tech gadgets but not enough food and no clean water?

2. Which came first: thought or action?

3. Does anger hurt more than love feels good?

4. Should we forgive our enemies, like we hope others will forgive us when we’re wronged against them (the Golden Rule)?

5. When will we have a cure for stupidity?

6. Is it true that anyone can be president?

Random questions to ask to start a conversation
Here is a list of random questions to ask to start a conversation:

1. Why should I care about someone else’s problems when mine are just as bad — sometimes worse — than theirs?

2. Why do we always seem to expect more from others than we expect from ourselves?

3. How much can one person achieve before going insane?

4. Does everyone have a dark side…or a light side…or both?

5. Is everyone’s pain relative?

6. Why can’t we turn back time?

Random questions to keep a conversation going
Following are the quick random questions to keep a conversation going:

1. Who decides our destiny, and why is our future not something we have any control over?

2. Are we going to run out of time before we run out of problems?

3. Why doesn’t anybody seem to understand what I’m trying to say?

4. How will things ever work out if no one changes their ways of thinking and doing things…or at least tries something new?

5. Is our past a part of us or just a stepping stone toward something better?

6And if so, what will it be like?

7. In ten years’ time, will things have changed for better or worse – whichever way are we pushing things with our decisions today?

8. Why are some things easier said than done while others are harder to say than done but come out naturally without any effort involved whatsoever?

Random questions to ask a new friend
These are unique random questions to ask a new friend:

1. What have I learned about being a friend?

2. Should money matter to us as much as we often say it does?

3. In which ways can we better improve our lives by thinking differently?

4. Why can’t I just let go of things I wish were different?

5. Why don’t our bodies work like computers; when they break, we throw them away and buy a new one instead of trying to fix them?

6. Has technology destroyed creativity in writing with e-mail becoming more common than sending handwritten letters through snail mail (UPS included)?

Conversation starters random questions
Here is a list of random questions for conversation starters:

1. What’s the point of a bedside table?

2. Why do we have to pay taxes?

3. Is there a difference between a sofa and a couch?

4. When will we have flying cars?

5. Can you see the future in your dreams?

6. What is love?

7. How much is too much when it comes to loving a dog?

8. Can dogs be racist?

9. If I bought an island, could I name it anything I wanted to, or would I have to use an approved name?

10. Do people treat you differently when they know you’ve written books than if they don’t know that about you?

11. Can happiness be found in solitude or does it require the company of others?

12. Why must loss and separation happen — not just once, but over and over again throughout our lives?

13. Does time heal all wounds?

14. Should we pursue our dreams at any cost?

15. Is ignorance bliss?

16. Should a man have a beard because he wants one, or should he have a beard because society expects him to have one just like other men who are successful with women tend to have them?

17. Is there a better way of communicating with others that’s more productive than our current means?

Random questions to ask your siblings
Here are some random questions to ask your siblings:

1. What’s your favorite childhood memory?

2. How do you like to be comforted when you get sad?

3. What foods do you despise?

4. What’s the best thing about your family?

5. If you could only watch one movie for the rest of your life, what would it be?

6. If you could be a fictional character, who would you choose?

7. If you could change anything about the way you were raised, what would it be?

8. What was the best phase in your life?

9. What was the worst phase in your life?

10. Who are your biggest role models?

11. How did they become your role models?

12. What makes them so special to you?

13. What 3 words would your closest friends use to describe you? Why do they feel that way about you?

14. Who is the kindest person you know? Why are they so kind to others around them?

15. If you had to teach something what would you teach?

Random questions to ask a guy about relationships
Here is the best list of random questions to ask a guy about relationships:

1. How do you believe a relationship between a man and woman should be?

2. What is your definition of love?

3. What are the most important things in relationships for you?

4. How do you know that you are in love with someone?

5. How would you like your partner to be?

6. What qualities do you prefer in the opposite sex?

7. Do you want to get married or not? Why?

8. Would you marry a person whom you don’t really love if he/she is very rich and has all other qualities that you want to have in your ideal life partner? Why do so?

9. Can money buy happiness in your opinion? Why or why not?

10. Do you think that it is necessary for everyone to have children to be happy in life? Why or why not?

11. Can our life become better without money, according to you? Why or why not?

12. Is it important for people to share their interests and hobbies with their partners, according to you? Why or why not?

13. Should a husband and wife keep secrets from each other, according to your personal opinion and experience. If yes, then what kind of secrets should they keep from each other and why they should do so. If no, then explain your reasons.

Random questions to ask about love
Here are some random questions to ask about love:

1. What’s the best relationship advice you’ve ever received?

2. How many times have you fallen in love?

3. What did you do on your first date?

4. What’s the most embarrassing thing that’s happened to you in front of your crush?

5. Have you ever been rejected by someone and if yes, how did it feel?

6. When was your first kiss and how old were you?

7. Do you believe in love at first sight?

8. When was the last time you told someone “I love you?”

9. When do you think a person is ready for marriage?

10. Do you believe in soul mates or true love?

11. Who do you think is the most romantic person in Hollywood right now?

12. What’s your biggest turn-on/turn-off about the opposite sex?

13. If someone liked you, would you want them to ask you out or hint about it and see if you get the message? Or would it not matter to you either way as long as they asked you out at some point?

14. In a relationship, who do you think is more likely to say “I love you” first — the boy or girl?

Random questions to answer about yourself
Here is a list of random questions to answer about yourself:

1. If I could live anywhere in the world, where would it be? Why? – I would love to live in New Zealand. It just has an amazing vibe to it.

2. Favorite vacation spot? Why? – Home is my favorite vacation spot because my husband and kids are there.

3. What do I like to do in my spare time?

4. What’s the biggest challenge I’ve faced in my life?

5. What’s the greatest risk I’ve taken in my life?

6. What makes me feel accomplished?

7. How would my friends describe me?

8. How would my co-workers describe me?

9. If I could change one thing about myself, what would it be?

10. Where do I see myself in five years? Ten years? Twenty years?

Random questions about animals
Here is a list of random questions about animals:

1. Where did dogs come from?

2. Why do cats like catnip?

3. What are the most popular dog and cat breeds in the United States?

4. How do animals communicate?

5. What’s the most endangered animal in the world?

6. How many animals are there on Earth? How many species have gone extinct?

7. What’s the biggest animal on Earth?

8. What’s the tallest and fastest land animal on Earth? The smallest and slowest?

9. Are giraffes really mute, or can they make sounds we just can’t hear?

10. How much sleep do animals need, and why do they need so much of it?

11. Do you actually need a license to own a pet tiger in some states (and if so, why)?

12. Why are cats so afraid of cucumbers? Is it because they look like snakes or because the sound they make when dropped is similar to that of a hissing snake; or maybe both (or something else)?

13. What is the most expensive animal in the world, and why does it cost so much?

Random questions to ask a group
Here are some random questions to ask a group:

1. What is the worst thing that a parent can do?

2. What accomplishment are you most proud of?

3. What is your favorite place to visit?

4. What is your favorite time of day/day of the week/month of the year?

5. What was your first concert?

6. What is your favorite band/singer/song?

7. What was the last book you read?

8. Who was your role model growing up? Do you still look up to them now?

9. Who do you go to for advice?

10. What would be the title of your biography? What would be on the cover of your magazine?

11. How do you handle stress?

12. Have you ever had a nickname, if so, what is it and why did you have it (does it have a story behind it?) How did you get it or did you give yourself the nickname?

Random questions about relationships
Here is a list of random questions about relationships:

1. Would you rather have a surprise party or not?

2. Do you like surprises? If so, what kind of surprises do you like?

3. Do you like to give presents or receive presents?

4. What would be your ideal gift for a special occasion?

5. What is your favorite thing about love?

6. What is the best way to start a relationship?

7. Would you rather be single and alone or in a relationship with someone who doesn’t really care about you?

8. What is your perfect date night?

9. How do you feel about being in a long distance relationship? Do you think it can work? Why or why not?

10. What makes someone attractive to you?

11. Would you rather live in the city or country side?

12. Would you ever consider living abroad for a significant other? If so, where would it be and why there? If not, why not?

13. How do you feel about marriage and children at this point in your life? 

14. Is it something that’s important to you right now or something that would come later on down the road when the time is right? 

15. Do you ever see yourself getting married and having kids in the future?

Random questions to ask a woman
Here is a list of random questions to ask a woman:

1. What do you value most in your life?

2. How would you describe yourself in one word?

3. If you had 24 hours to live, what would you do, what movie star would you want to kiss, and who would you notify that you are dying?

4. What is the best advice anyone has ever given you? Will you follow it?

5. If today were the last day of your life, would you want to do what you are about to do today?

6. Which is better: asking for permission or asking for forgiveness?

7. If a crystal ball could tell you the truth about yourself, your life, the future or anything else, what would you want to know? If so why?

8. What do people think is weird about you? Are they right? 

9. What are five things that make your heart sing and five things that make it sink? 

10. How would your best friend describe you in three words when introducing you to someone new? 

11. If money didn’t matter what job would be perfect for you and why?

12. If tomorrow was your last day on Earth, how would spend it and with whom?

13. If a genie granted you three wishes right now, what would they be?

14. What are three qualities that attracted your best friend or family member towards you?

Random questions for team building
Here is a list of random questions for team building:

1. How do you feel about the term “team building”?

2. What does a good team look like?

3. What does an effective team look like?

4. What are some things that can get in the way of a team being effective?

5. What is your favorite thing about working with your teammates?

6. How could you improve your relationship with your teammates?

7. If you could choose, what would you like to get out of this team-building exercise?

8. Do you think we have a good team here, or could it be better?

9. Do you feel appreciated by your teammates?

10. How could you make your teammates feel more appreciated?

11. How can we grow as a team?

12. If there was anything you could change about our team, what would it be?

13. Three words to describe our company culture… go!

14. Three words to describe our work environment… go!

15. Three words to describe how you feel about coming into work every day… go!

Random questions to talk about
Here are some random questions to talk about:

1. What is your most treasured memory?

2. What is your most terrible memory?

3. If you knew that in one year you would die suddenly, would you change anything about the way you are now living? Why?

4. What does friendship mean to you?

5. What roles do love and affection play in your life?

6. Alternate sharing something you consider a positive characteristic of your partner. Share a total of five items.

7. How close and warm is your family? Do you feel your childhood was happier than most other people’s?

8. How do you feel about your relationship with your mother?

9. Make three true “we” statements each. For instance, “We are both in this room feeling … “

10. Complete this sentence: “I wish I had someone with whom I could share … “

11. If you were going to become a close friend with your partner, please share what would be important for him or her to know.

12. Tell your partner what you like about them; be very honest this time, saying things that you might not say to someone you’ve just met.

13. Share with your partner an embarrassing moment in your life.

Random questions for games
Random questions are a fun way to spice up a boring conversation with your loved ones. They give you an opportunity to know the person better, and at the same time, it also provides you a chance to grow closer to them.

Random questions are such a treat, because they tell us what people are truly thinking, since they can’t prepare for them beforehand. So let’s take advantage of these and have some fun! Here’s a list of most amazing random questions to ask in a game with your loved ones.

1. What is your biggest regret?

2. What single decision in your life do you wish you could do over?

3. What makes you feel alive?

4. What’s one thing that scares the living daylights out of you?

5. If you were given a $100 right now, how would you spend it?

6. Would you rather be too hot or too cold for the rest of your life?

7. What’s your favorite family tradition?

8. Who was your best friend in high school and what made them so special?

9. When have you felt the most satisfied with yourself in life?

10. What are three things that most excite you about the future?

11. Which person inspired you most when growing up and why?

12. If you could change one thing about yourself, what would it be and why?

13. Who was the best teacher you ever had and why did they make such an impact on your life?

14. Which person do you most want to emulate and why do they inspire you so much?

15. What’s one habit that makes your life better each day?

16. Would you rather live in an ocean or on a mountain?

17. Which mythical creature do you wish actually existed?

18. Do you think aliens exist? If so, where do you think they’re hiding?

19. What is the stupidest thing you’ve ever done?

20. What is the funniest name you’ve ever heard?

21. What is the scariest dream that you have had?

Random questions to ask in a relationship
Here is a list of random questions to ask in a relationship:

8. If you were an animal, what would you be and why?

9. If you could travel back in time in order to change one thing, what would it be?

10. What do you want to achieve at work before leaving for home?

11. What is your biggest regret in life?

12. Are you more of a morning person or a night owl?

13. Where do you see yourself living when you’re older?

14. What is the most interesting fact about you?

Random questions to ask someone you just met
These are some random questions to ask someone you just met:

1. What is the best book you have ever read?

2. What was your favorite childhood television program?

3. What do you think about the most?

4. Who is your role model? Why?

5. If you could live anywhere, where would it be?

6. What’s the last thing that made you cry?

7. How much time do you spend on social networking in a week?

8. Do you enjoy your job, or do you dread going to work every day?

9. What song makes you sad?

10. What animal or insect do you wish humans could eradicate?

11. Do you still have feelings for an ex-lover?

12. If a stranger insults your family, how do you react?

13. If I were to ask your friends about you what would they say?

14. When is the last time you did something courageous for yourself?

Cute random questions
Here is a list of cute random questions:

1. What is your favorite thing to do in the summer?

2. What was the best birthday you ever had? What made it so great?

3. What would you do if you were late for an appointment and couldn’t find a parking spot?

4. If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be?

5. What is your favorite thing about your mom or dad?

6. What is the one thing that you can’t stand to eat?

7. What is your favorite holiday and why?

8. Who do you admire most in the world and why?

9. If you could go back in time and relive one day from your life, what day would it be and why?

10. If you had to name one food that you could never give up, what would it be?

11. Would you rather have unlimited money or no money at all? Why?

Random questions to test your knowledge

Here is a list of random questions to test your knowledge:

1. What is the tallest building in the world?

2. What is the longest river in the world?

3. Who was the first president of the United States of America?

4. What is the most popular sport in the world?

5. How many states are there in America?

6. What was the name of the last manned mission to the moon?

7. Who wrote Harry Potter?

8. In which country is Mount Everest located?

9. When did Mickey Mouse first appear on TV?

10. How many Oscars did Titanic win?

11. How many countries are there in Africa?

12. Which is heavier: a tonne of feathers or a tonne of bricks?

13. In which city is the Taj Mahal located?

14. What color are bananas originally before they ripen on trees and turn yellow?

Deep random questions to ask
Here is a list of deep random questions to ask:

1. Was there truly love before there was even time itself?

2. How much is too much before something becomes too little instead of just enough not being enough anymore?

3. Shouldn’t I pursue what excites me without being concerned about money or security?

4. Is there a purpose to human existence other than survival, reproduction, and entertainment?

5. Where are there three places where I feel connected to others?

6. Is ambition selfish or selfless—and why does it matter either way anyway (if indeed it does)?

Random questions everyone should know
Here is a list of random questions everyone should know:

1.What is the point of wet dreams?

2.Why do they call them “WISE MEN” when they followed a star and found Jesus? They were wise men, but not so much as far as direction is concerned.

3.How many animals died to make the fur coat that you wear for a few hours on New Years Eve?

4.Is it possible to have deja vu at the same time that you are experiencing it?

5.If there is no God then who invented God? it can’t be the human because he doesn’t exist before he was created by God**

6.What if you are in hell and you are mad at someone, where would you tell them to go?

7.If time heals all wounds, then why do scars exist?

8.If I am talking to myself and I say something funny, do I laugh or smile?

9.Do fish ever get thirsty?

10.Why is the letter W, in English, called double U? Shouldn’t it be called double V?*

11.Why do we wash bath towels? Aren’t we clean when we bath?

Random questions that reveal personality
Here is a list of random questions that reveal personality:

1)  How do you start your day?

2)  What did you want to be when you grew up?

3)  What was the first thing you earned money for?

4)  Who is your favorite person in history?

5)  What do you do to celebrate a good day?

6)  What song gets you going?

7)  What is the best advice you’ve ever received?

8)  What is your favorite movie of all time?

9)  If you could choose any super power what would it be and why?

10) If you could eat one food for the rest of your life what would it be?

11) Where is your favorite place to go on vacation?

12) If you could invite any 5 people to dinner, who would they be and why?

13) If the world were ending tomorrow, how would you spend your last night on Earth?

14) Do you have a guilty pleasure TV show or movie that feels like a secret addiction? What is it and why do you love it so much??

Random answers to random questions
Here is a list of random answers to random questions:

1. “Is it raining?”

No, I am spitting.

2. “Are you gay?”

I am as straight as the line that goes from my nose to my toes.

3. “Is that a wig?”

Yes, but make sure you don’t touch it unless you want to get your hand chopped off.

4. “What time is it?”

Time for you to get a watch!

5. “Can I have your phone number?”

I’d give it to you, but I can’t find it in my underwear drawer!

6. “Do you know how fast you were going?”

Yes, officer… Do you know how fast you can get back to the station?

7. “Are you hungry?”

You should be asking yourself that question, not me!

8. “Do you want to go watch a movie with me later tonight?”

You’re so ugly that if I went out with you I wouldn’t be able to finish my popcorn!

Free talk random questions
Here is a list of free talk random questions:

1. Does anybody truly know what time it is – both literally and figuratively speaking?

2. When does a memory become a ghost instead of a trophy?

3. Is there such a thing as divine justice?

4. Would I rather be smart than pretty?

5. Why is wearing white after Labor Day looked down upon while getting tan (and risking skin cancer) during summer months seems perfectly acceptable?

6. Is history still happening?

7. Why are there so many stupid rules?

8. What will happen if I never take action and just keep thinking about doing something instead of actually doing it?

9. Are ideas more important than actions?

Random questions to ask spouse
Here are the best random questions to ask your spouse:

1. What is the funniest thing that has ever happened to you?

2. What do you think about tattoos and piercings?

3. Do you believe in God?

4. What do you want to eat right now?

5. Who do you hate, and why?

6. What would be your dream job?

7. How would the world change if super heroes and super villains actually existed?

8. What was your favorite childhood television program?

9. What was your childhood like?

10. What is your greatest achievement in life so far?

Random questions to ask in a game
Here is a list of random questions to ask in a game:

1. If you could learn any one thing (no matter how trivial or boring), what would it be?

2. What is the best party you have ever attended?

3. What was your favorite book as a child?

4. What game do you keep coming back to play over and over again?

5. What is on your bucket list?

6. What is your favorite word in the dictionary?

7. What is the best part of being a human?

8. What is the worst part of being human?

9. If you could have any super power, what would it be and why?

10. If you were an animal, what animal would you be?

11. If you could travel back in time, when would you travel to and why?

12. If you could change one thing about your past, what would it be and why?

13. If this was your last day on earth, how would you spend it?

14. Who is your hero and why are they your hero?

Random questions to get to know each other
Here is a list of random questions to get to know each other:

1. How much do you have to pay in order to have a good time?

2. What is your favorite thing about our relationship?

3. What do you love most about yourself?

4. What do you least like about yourself?

5. If you could change one thing about yourself, what would it be?

6. What do you think other people think of you? Do you care what they think of you?

7. Where is the coolest place you’ve been? What did you do there? Where is your dream vacation?

8. Who’s your favorite musician, and why is he or she your favorite?

9. If I were stranded on a deserted island, what would I need to survive and why would I need it?

10. What’s the biggest mistake that people make when they’re with their significant others? What’s the biggest mistake that people make when they’re dating someone new, but haven’t yet made it official?

11. If you knew that in one year, you would die suddenly, would you change anything about the way you are now living? Why or why not?

12. Doing anything fun this weekend…if not…what are we going to do next weekend together?

Random questions for couples to ask each other
Here is a list of random questions for couples to ask each other:

1. What was the best phase in your life?

2. What was the worst phase in your life?

3. Is what you’re doing now what you always wanted to do growing up?

4. Do you have any fears?

5. What’s something you’re proud of – can be anything?

6. What is a relationship deal breaker for you?

7. How do you like to be comforted when you’re sad or upset?

8. Have you ever been out of the country? If so, where all have you traveled?

9. If all jobs had the same pay and hours, what job would you like to have?

Dating random questions
Here is a list of some great dating random questions to ask:

1. What is the most interesting thing you can see out of the window right now?

2. If you were able to see in the future, what would you tell yourself or want to know?

3. If you could only hear one song for the rest of your life, what would it be and why?

4. What is your favorite quote and why?

5. What is your favorite joke and why?

6. If you could make a 20 second phone call to yourself at any point in your life present or future, when would you call and what would you say?

7. Who has impressed you most with what they’ve accomplished?

8. Who has been the kindest to you in your life?

9. What is the best piece of advice anyone has ever given you?

10. If you were stranded on an island, who would you take with you?

11. If someone wrote a biography about you, what do you think the title should be? Why did you choose that title?

12. If your house was on fire and all family members and pets were out safe, what two things would save from the burning house and why?

Random questions nobody thinks about
Here is a list of random questions nobody thinks about:

1. Why do we say “a pair of pants” but not “a pair of socks”?

2. Why do you always need to replace the toilet paper roll, but you never need to replace the soap?

3. If someone is born in another country, why are they an immigrant when they move here, but if someone is born here and moves there, they aren’t an emigrant?

4. Why does your nose run and your feet smell?

5. How come rhinoceros don’t have rhinoceritis?

6. Why are there no “B” batteries?

7. Why can’t you just say “hi” without adding “how are you?”

8. How did the headless horseman know where he was going?

9. If a person owns a piece of land do they own it all the way down to the core of the earth?

10. If the universe is expanding, what is it expanding into?

11. What happens when your hand falls asleep and you accidentally punch yourself in the face?

12. Do animals ever get thirsty for something other than water? Like maybe soda or coffee or beer? How would they know what beer tastes like if they didn’t try it

Random useless questions
Here is a list of random useless questions:

1. Do you get mad when people touch your phone?

2. How much do you spend on groceries each week?

3. How many pairs of shoes do you own?

4. Have you ever kept something important in a secret hiding place?

5. Do you like to keep your desk organized or not organized?

6. What’s the weirdest thing you’ve ever seen at work?

7. When was the last time you went to the movies?

8. What is the most unusual word that you know?

9. Do you have a pair of lucky underwear or socks?

10. Can you name three people who can make you laugh without fail?

11. How many times has the word “the” been used?

12. Are there any words in the English language that have all five vowels in order?

13. What is the longest English word consisting of letters from the first half of the alphabet?

14. What is the longest English word consisting of letters from the second half of the alphabet?

15. What is a group of crows called?

Random questions about nature
Here is a list of random questions about nature:

1. Why is the sky blue?

2. What’s the difference between weather and climate?

3. Why is it so windy at the beach?

4. How come some animals are nocturnal while others are diurnal?

5. What makes some animals glow under a black light or in the dark?

6. What makes the ocean salty?

7. Why do we have seasons?

8. How do volcanoes form?

9. Why is there lightning before it rains?

10. Why do leaves change color in the fall?

11. Why are there so many different types of trees and plants in the world?

12. How does frost form on windows overnight when it’s not below freezing outside?

13. How does dew form on grass overnight when it’s not below freezing outside?

14. What causes tornadoes to form and what makes them move in twisting patterns across the land?

2
SHARES

Pin
Tweet
Share
LinkedIn
This page may uses affiliate links. When you click an affiliate link, we get a small compensation at no cost to you. See Our affiliate policy for more info.
Photo of author
Author
Naveen Bommakanti
Naveen is Experienced Psychology and philosophy Writer, self-help and relationship Coach and thought influencer. He has 7 years of experience in Personal development industry.

Naveen’s expertise as a self-help and relationship Coach has been highlighted through his articles in medium and substack to name a few.

To be updated with Naveen's work, connect with him by following his social media accounts.

CategoriesQuestions
1000 Questions to ask people (huge list of topics for deep conversation)
100 Trap questions to ask your boyfriend (Persuasive and Funny)
Leave a Comment
Comment

Name
Name *
Email
Email *
Website
Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.


Search for:
Search …

Reading List:
Book Recommendations
Career Guide
Children Stories
Christmas
Communication
Conversation
Conversation Starters
Crushes
Dating
Emotion
Friends With Benefits
Halloween
Human Behaviour
Insights
Inspiration
Mental Health
New Year
Personal Development
Philosophy: Q & A
Poetry
Productivity
Psychology
Questions
Quotes
Relationship Questions
Relationships
Self Help
Short stories
Soulmate
Thanksgiving
Thought
Valentine's Day
Women's Guide
Website
About
Archives
Contact
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms, conditions and earnings disclaimer
Sitemap

Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
© 2023 Breathe To Inspire
2
SHARES

notification icon


