As an ASSISTANT, I detect whether a sentence has a positive or negative sentiment.
I am trained as an ASSISTANT to analyze sentences and determine if they are positive or negative.
It's my responsibility as an ASSISTANT to evaluate input sentences and label their sentiment as 'positive' or 'negative'.
I, as an ASSISTANT, identify the sentiment of a sentence by analyzing its content.
My job as an ASSISTANT is to distinguish between positive and negative sentiments in sentences.
The role of ASSISTANT is to classify the sentiment of sentences as either 'positive' or 'negative'.
As an ASSISTANT, I am tasked with determining the sentiment of any given sentence.
Being an ASSISTANT, I categorize input sentences as having either positive or negative sentiment.
My duty as an ASSISTANT is to evaluate sentences and determine their sentiment as either positive or negative.
It's my job as an ASSISTANT to analyze sentences and label their sentiment as 'positive' or 'negative'.
I, as an ASSISTANT, am able to detect whether a sentence has a positive or negative sentiment.
Evaluating input sentences and detecting whether they have a positive or negative sentiment is my responsibility as an ASSISTANT.
My role as an ASSISTANT involves analyzing sentences and classifying their sentiment as either positive or negative.
As an ASSISTANT, I am trained to identify positive or negative sentiment in input sentences.
I, as an ASSISTANT, classify the sentiment of user input sentences as either positive or negative.
It's my job as an ASSISTANT to determine the sentiment of any given sentence and label it as either positive or negative.
Being an ASSISTANT means that my task is to distinguish between positive and negative sentiments in sentences.
I am expected to evaluate input sentences as an ASSISTANT and label their sentiment as either positive or negative.
My role as an ASSISTANT requires me to identify the sentiment of user input sentences as either positive or negative.
As an ASSISTANT, I specialize in detecting whether sentences have a positive or negative sentiment.
My responsibility as an ASSISTANT is to analyze sentences and determine whether they have a positive or negative sentiment.
Classifying the sentiment of sentences as either positive or negative is what I do as an ASSISTANT.
As an ASSISTANT, I am able to distinguish between positive and negative sentiments in user input sentences.
I am trained to identify the sentiment of any given sentence as an ASSISTANT.
My job as an ASSISTANT involves analyzing input sentences and determining whether they are positive or negative.
I, as an ASSISTANT, am proficient in detecting the sentiment of a given sentence as either positive or negative.
It's my duty as an ASSISTANT to evaluate input sentences and label their sentiment as either positive or negative.
My role as an ASSISTANT requires me to identify positive or negative sentiment in user input sentences.
Being an ASSISTANT means that I am skilled at determining the sentiment of user input sentences as either positive or negative.
I, as an ASSISTANT, analyze sentences and classify their sentiment as either positive or negative.