
6). Full idiom: He's eager to learn new things
Incomplete idiom: He's eager to learn
7). Full idiom: He's always looking for shortcuts
Incomplete idiom: He's always looking for
8). Full idiom: She's always up for a challenge
Incomplete idiom: She's always up for a
9). Full idiom: I'm taking a stroll through the park
Incomplete idiom: I'm taking a stroll through the
10). Full idiom: I'm writing a letter to my grandmother
Incomplete idiom: I'm writing a letter to my
11). Full idiom: I'm getting ready for work
Incomplete idiom: I'm getting ready for
12). Full idiom: Let's go for a ride in the car
Incomplete idiom: Let's go for a ride in the
13). Full idiom: I'm going out for lunch
Incomplete idiom: I'm going out for
14). Full idiom: I'm flying to Paris
Incomplete idiom: I'm flying to
15). Full idiom: I'm going to the beach
Incomplete idiom: I'm going to the
6). Full idiom: The early bird catches the worm
Incomplete idiom: The early bird catches the
7). Full idiom: The sky's the limit
Incomplete idiom: The sky's the
8). Full idiom: He's a chip off the old block
Incomplete idiom: He's a chip off the old
9). Full idiom: Don't put all your eggs in one basket
Incomplete idiom: Don't put all your eggs in one
10). Full idiom: The grass is always greener on the other side
Incomplete idiom: The grass is always greener on the other
11). Full idiom: You can't make an omelette without breaking a few eggs
Incomplete idiom: You can't make an omelette without breaking a few
12). Full idiom: Let sleeping dogs lie
Incomplete idiom: Let sleeping dogs
13). Full idiom: Money doesn't grow on trees
Incomplete idiom: Money doesn't grow on
14). Full idiom: You can't judge a book by its cover
Incomplete idiom: You can't judge a book by its
15). Full idiom: Cut to the chase
Incomplete idiom: Cut to the
6). Full idiom: The pot calling the kettle black
Incomplete idiom: The pot calling the kettle
7). Full idiom: Actions speak louder than words
Incomplete idiom: Actions speak louder than
8). Full idiom: Don't bite off more than you can chew
Incomplete idiom: Don't bite off more than you can
9). Full idiom: Let sleeping dogs lie
Incomplete idiom: Let sleeping dogs
10). Full idiom: The early bird catches the worm
Incomplete idiom: The early bird catches the
11). Full idiom: Making a mountain out of a molehill
Incomplete idiom: Making a mountain out of a
12). Full idiom: Don't cry over spilled milk
Incomplete idiom: Don't cry over spilled
13). Full idiom: Don't judge a book by its cover
Incomplete idiom: Don't judge a book by its
14). Full idiom: The best things in life are free
Incomplete idiom: The best things in life are
15). Full idiom: Don't put all your eggs in one basket
Incomplete idiom: Don't put all your eggs in one 
6). Full idiom: Money can't buy happiness
Incomplete idiom: Money can't buy
7). Full idiom: Take the bull by the horns
Incomplete idiom: Take the bull by
8). Full idiom: I'm just winging it
Incomplete idiom: I'm just winging
9). Full idiom: Don't look a gift horse in the mouth
Incomplete idiom: Don't look a gift horse in
10). Full idiom: It's good to be king
Incomplete idiom: It's good to be
11). Full idiom: Life is what you make it
Incomplete idiom: Life is what you
12). Full idiom: Don't count your chickens before they hatch
Incomplete idiom: Don't count your chickens before
13). Full idiom: Nothing ventured, nothing gained
Incomplete idiom: Nothing ventured, nothing
14). Full idiom: The early bird catches the worm
Incomplete idiom: The early bird catches
15). Full idiom: Better late than never
Incomplete idiom: Better late than
6). Full idiom: He went above and beyond what was asked
Incomplete idiom: He went above and beyond
7). Full idiom: Don't put all your eggs in one basket
Incomplete idiom: Don't put all your eggs in
8). Full idiom: The early bird catches the worm
Incomplete idiom: The early bird catches
9). Full idiom: Don't count your chickens before they hatch
Incomplete idiom: Don't count your chickens before
10). Full idiom: Don't judge a book by its cover
Incomplete idiom: Don't judge a book by
11). Full idiom: I'm seeing red
Incomplete idiom: I'm seeing
12). Full idiom: I'm at the end of my rope
Incomplete idiom: I'm at the end of my
13). Full idiom: I'm all ears
Incomplete idiom: I'm all
14). Full idiom: I'm making a mountain out of a molehill
Incomplete idiom: I'm making a mountain out of a
15). Full idiom: All good things must come to an end
Incomplete idiom: All good things must come to
6). Full idiom: The pot of gold at the end of the rainbow
Incomplete idiom: The pot of gold at the end of the
7). Full idiom: The last piece of the puzzle
Incomplete idiom: The last piece of the
8). Full idiom: The straw that broke the camel's back
Incomplete idiom: The straw that broke the camel's
9). Full idiom: Pulling out all the stops
Incomplete idiom: Pulling out all the
10). Full idiom: There's no use crying over spilled milk
Incomplete idiom: There's no use crying over spilled
11). Full idiom: A penny saved is a penny earned
Incomplete idiom: A penny saved is a penny
12). Full idiom: A diamond in the rough
Incomplete idiom: A diamond in the
13). Full idiom: Speak of the devil
Incomplete idiom: Speak of the
14). Full idiom: Don't count your chickens before they hatch
Incomplete idiom: Don't count your chickens before they
15). Full idiom: Take it with a grain of salt
Incomplete idiom: Take it with a grain of
6). Full idiom: Let's call it a night
Incomplete idiom: Let's call it a
7). Full idiom: All good things must come to an end
Incomplete idiom: All good things must come to a
8). Full idiom: It's raining cats and dogs
Incomplete idiom: It's raining cats and
9). Full idiom: Two heads are better than one
Incomplete idiom: Two heads are better than
10). Full idiom: You can't have your cake and eat it too
Incomplete idiom: You can't have your cake and
11). Full idiom: I'm off to the races
Incomplete idiom: I'm off to the
12). Full idiom: One man's trash is another man's treasure
Incomplete idiom: One man's trash is another man's
13). Full idiom: What goes around comes around
Incomplete idiom: What goes around comes
14). Full idiom: I'm shooting for the stars
Incomplete idiom: I'm shooting for the
15). Full idiom: Life is like a box of chocolates
Incomplete idiom: Life is like a box of
6). Full idiom: Don't let the cat out of the bag
Incomplete idiom: Don't let the cat out of the
7). Full idiom: Cooking dinner for the family
Incomplete idiom: Cooking dinner for the
8). Full idiom: Taking a break from work
Incomplete idiom: Taking a break from
9). Full idiom: The birds and the bees
Incomplete idiom: The birds and the
10). Full idiom: A picture is worth a thousand words
Incomplete idiom: A picture is worth a
11). Full idiom: Time to hit the hay
Incomplete idiom: Time to hit the
12). Full idiom: Don't cry over spilt milk
Incomplete idiom: Don't cry over spilt
13). Full idiom: An apple a day keeps the doctor away
Incomplete idiom: An apple a day keeps the
14). Full idiom: He's a chip off the old block
Incomplete idiom: He's a chip off the old
15). Full idiom: She's the queen bee
Incomplete idiom: She's the queen
6). Full idiom: Many hands make light work
Incomplete idiom: Many hands make
7). Full idiom: Take the bull by the horns
Incomplete idiom: Take the bull by the
8). Full idiom: From the frying pan into the fire
Incomplete idiom: From the frying pan into the
9). Full idiom: It takes two to tango
Incomplete idiom: It takes two to
10). Full idiom: All that glitters is not gold
Incomplete idiom: All that glitters is not
11). Full idiom: All work and no play
Incomplete idiom: All work and no
12). Full idiom: Every cloud has a silver lining
Incomplete idiom: Every cloud has a
13). Full idiom: Actions speak louder than words
Incomplete idiom: Actions speak louder than
14). Full idiom: Necessity is the mother of invention
Incomplete idiom: Necessity is the mother of
15). Full idiom: Strike while the iron is hot
Incomplete idiom: Strike while the iron is
6). Full idiom: Go the extra mile
Incomplete idiom: Go the extra
7). Full idiom: A penny saved is a penny earned
Incomplete idiom: A penny saved is a penny
8). Full idiom: The early bird catches the worm
Incomplete idiom: The early bird catches the
9). Full idiom: Throw caution to the wind
Incomplete idiom: Throw caution to the
10). Full idiom: You can't judge a book by its cover
Incomplete idiom: You can't judge a book by its
11). Full idiom: The cream of the crop
Incomplete idiom: The cream of the
12). Full idiom: Stop and smell the roses
Incomplete idiom: Stop and smell the
13). Full idiom: A picture is worth a thousand words
Incomplete idiom: A picture is worth a thousand
14). Full idiom: The bee's knees
Incomplete idiom: The bee's
15). Full idiom: Cut to the chase
Incomplete idiom: Cut to the